[DOC-4544] Helm now defaults to secure deployments (#14438)
cockroachdb/docs: _includes/v21.1/orchestration/start-cockroachdb-helm-secure.md

          max-sql-memory: "2Gi"
        ~~~

        The Helm chart defaults to a secure deployment by automatically setting `tls.enabled` to `true`.

        {{site.data.alerts.callout_info}}

>         By default, the Helm chart will generate and sign 1 client and 1 node certificate to secure the cluster. To authenticate using your own CA, see [Operate CockroachDB on Kubernetes](operate-cockroachdb-kubernetes.html?filters=helm#use-a-custom-ca).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        By default, the Helm chart will generate and sign 1 client and 1 node certificate to secure the cluster. To authenticate using your own CA, see [Certificate management](/docs/{{site.versions["stable"]}}/secure-cockroachdb-kubernetes.html?filters=helm#use-a-custom-ca).
```

    ~~~

{{site.data.alerts.callout_success}}

> The StatefulSet configuration sets all CockroachDB nodes to log to `stderr`, so if you ever need access to logs for a pod or node, use `kubectl logs <podname>` rather than checking the log on the persistent volume.

Reviewer: Ditto

> The StatefulSet configuration sets all CockroachDB nodes to log to `stderr`, so if you ever need access to logs for a pod or node, use `kubectl logs <podname>` rather than checking the log on the persistent volume.

Author: ```suggestion
The StatefulSet configuration sets all CockroachDB nodes to log to `stderr`, so if you ever need access to logs for a pod, use `kubectl logs <podname>` rather than checking the log on the persistent volume.
```
